Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#1199)
cloudposse/terraform-aws-components: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# 🚫 Pull Requests Are No Longer Accepted for This Repository

> ![WARNING]
> ## This Repository Has Been Migrated!
> All components previously housed in this repository have been migrated to individual repositories under the [Cloud Posse Terraform Components GitHub organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components).

> This repository is now in read-only mode and will eventually be archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is in read-only mode.
```

***Please do not open pull requests here.***

## What Should You Do Instead?
- Identify the specific component related to your change.
- Visit the new repository for that component in the [dedicated GitHub organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components).
- Submit your pull request there.

> For more information about this migration, see the [official announcement and migration details](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/issues/1177).

Reviewer: Should we link to https://docs.cloudposse.com/blog/terraform-components-have-moved/

> For more information about this migration, see the [official announcement and migration details](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/issues/1177).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about this migration, see the [official announcement and migration details](https://docs.cloudposse.com/blog/terraform-components-have-moved/).
```

> Thank you for your understanding and cooperation!  
> — The Cloud Posse Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for all the contributions and your continued support!

— The Cloud Posse Team
```

> # 🚫 Pull Requests Are No Longer Accepted for This Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 🚫 Pull Requests Are No Longer Accepted
```

> [!WARNING]
> ## This Repository Has Been Migrated!
> All components previously housed in this repository have been migrated to individual repositories under the [Cloud Posse Terraform Components GitHub organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components).

This repository is in read-only mode.

***Please do not open pull requests here.***

> ## What Should You Do Instead?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ✅  What to Do Instead
```

> - Identify the specific component related to your change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identify the individual component(s) related to your change.
```

> 2. Look up its repository in the [Terraform Components organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Look up its repository in the [Terraform Components organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components).
```

> - Visit the new repository for that component in the [dedicated GitHub organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look up its repository in the [Terraform Components organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components)).
```

> - Submit your pull request there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Submit your pull request against the new component repository.
```

# 🚫 Pull Requests Are No Longer Accepted

> [!WARNING]

> > ## This Repository Has Been Migrated!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ## This Repository Has Migrated!
```

> All components have been migrated to the [Cloud Posse Terraform Components GitHub organization](https://github.com/cloudposse-terraform-components).  
>  
> **Please open pull requests there instead.**

> This repository is in read-only mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ***Please do not open pull requests here.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
